python3.12 -m pip install --upgrade pip
python3.12 -m pip install kagglehub
python3.12 -m pip install pandas
python3.12 -m pip install numpy
python3.12 -m pip install matplotlib
python3.12 -m pip install scipy
python3.12 -m pip install seaborn
python3.12 -m pip install plotly
python3.12 -m pip install spacy
python3.12 -m pip install scikit-learn
python3.12 -m pip install boto3
python3.12 -m pip install sqlalchemy
python3.12 -m pip install pymysql
python3.12 -m pip install python-dotenv
python3.12 -m pip install cryptography
python3.12 -m pip install streamlit
python3.12 -m pip install nltk
python3.12 -m pip install wordcloud
python3.12 -m pip install transformers
python3.12 -m pip install newsapi-python
python3.12 -m pip install vaderSentiment
